Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS)(FIFO policy) lets you send, store, and receive messages between software components at any volume, 
without losing messages or requiring other services to be available.

it will work like simply share message to queue and read from queue and once a time and send one message to one receiver(email or phone or another EC2 instance). No same messages to replication to multiple work nodes(receivers)

details:
https://shubhamkhandelwal523.medium.com/use-cases-of-aws-sqs-simple-queue-service-304967315c9e

Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS)(FIFO policy)(send one message to many receiver(email and phone and another EC2 instance and SQS queue and S3 bucket).) is a managed service that provides message delivery from publishers to subscribers (also known as producers and consumers).
Publishers communicate asynchronously with subscribers by sending messages to a topic, which is a logical access point and communication channel. 
Clients can subscribe to the SNS topic and receive published messages using a supported endpoint type, such as Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose, Amazon SQS, AWS Lambda, HTTP, email, mobile push notifications, and mobile text messages (SMS).


Amazon MQ => it is a managed message broker service for Rabbit MQ
amazon MQ doesn't scale as much as SNS/SQS
amazon MQ is used only and only used the company migrating to cloud 


SQS
Queuing service in AWS
Multiple producers messages are kept upto 14 days
Multiple consumers share the read and delete messages done 
used to decouple app's in AWS

SNS
Notification service in AWS
pub/sub pattern
subscribers: Email, lambda, SQS, HTTP, Mobile
multiple subscribers send all messages to all of them
no message rentention

Aws MQ: managed message broker for ActiveMQ and RabbitMQ in the cloud (MQTT, AMQP protocols)

Amazon MQ is a managed message broker service for Apache ActiveMQ and RabbitMQ that makes it easy to set up and operate message brokers in the cloud.

Amazon Simple Notification Service (SNS) is a highly available, durable, secure, 
fully managed pub/sub messaging service that enables you to decouple microservices, 
distributed systems, and serverless applications. It uses a push-based system.

Amazon Kinesis makes it easy to collect, process, and analyze real-time, streaming data so you can get timely insights and react quickly to new information. 
Kinesis offers four services: Data Firehose, Data Analytics, Data Streams, Video Streams.

When using SQS or SNS, you apply the "decouple your applications” principle. 
This means that IT systems should be designed in a way that reduces interdependencies—a change or a failure in one component should not cascade to other components.

Amazon Simple Queue Service (SQS) is a fully managed message queuing service that enables you to decouple and scale microservices, 
distributed systems, and serverless applications. It uses a pull-based system.
