Service control policies (SCPs) are a type of organization policy that you can use to manage permissions in your organization. 
An SCP spans all IAM users, groups, and roles, including the AWS account root user.

AWS Control Tower offers the easiest way to set up and govern a new, secure, multi-account AWS environment. 
It establishes a landing zone that is based on best-practices blueprints, and enables governance 
using guardrails you can choose from a pre-packaged list.

Amazon Inspector is an automated security assessment service that helps improve the security and compliance of 
applications deployed on AWS. It does not give recommendations regarding performance, fault tolerance. 
Regarding security, it automates security assessments, but does not give recommendations.

AWS Trusted Advisor is an online tool that provides you real time guidance to help you provision your resources 
following AWS best practices, including performance, security, and fault tolerance, but also cost optimization and 
service limits.

The AWS Simple Monthly Calculator is an easy-to-use online tool that enables you to estimate their 
architecture solution monthly cost of AWS services for your use case based on your expected usage. 
It is being replaced by AWS Pricing Calculator.

The Enterprise Support Plan comes with a business-critical system down response under 15 minutes and offers access 
to a Technical Account Manager, as well as a Concierge Support Team. It is the only plan to have these features.

Amazon Elastic Transcoder is media transcoding in the cloud. It is used to convert media files from their source format into versions that will play back on devices like smartphones, tablets, and PCs.

AWS Compute Optimizer recommends optimal AWS resources for your workloads to reduce costs and improve performance 
by using machine learning to analyze historical utilization metrics.


AWS STS -> enables you to create temp limited privileges credentials to access your aws resources
STS -> security token services
short term credentials -> you configure expiration period


AWS Cognito -> idnetify for your mob and web app's users
instead of creating then an IAM user, you create a user in cognito

AWS Directory Service makes it easy for you to setup and run directories in the AWS cloud, or connect your AWS resources with an existing on-premises Microsoft Active Directory.


AWS Security Token Service (AWS STS) is a web service that enables you to request temporary, limited-privilege credentials for AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) users or for users that you authenticate (federated users).

Amazon Cognito lets you add user sign-up, sign-in, and access control to your web and mobile apps quickly and easily.

Amazon EC2 Instance Connect provides a simple and secure way to connect to your Linux instances using Secure Shell (SSH). It is not used to access applications through a browser.

AWS Outposts bring native AWS services, infrastructure, and operating models to virtually any data center, co-location space, or on-premises facility. It is not used to access applications through a browser.

Amazon AppStream 2.0 is a fully managed non-persistent application and desktop streaming service that provides users instant access to their desktop applications from anywhere.

AWS Device Farm is an application testing service that lets you improve the quality of your web and mobile apps by testing them across an extensive range of desktop browsers and real mobile devices; without having to provision and manage any testing infrastructure.

AWS IoT Core lets you securely connect IoT devices to the AWS Cloud and other devices without the need to provision or manage servers.
