Cloud watch provide metrics for every services in AWS
metric is a variable to monitor CPU utilization, netwroking
metrics have timestamps
can create cloudwatch dashboards of metrics 

important metrics
EC2 instances: cpu utilization status chaecks on every 5 min's
EBS volumes : Disk read/writes
S3 buckets: bucketsizebytes, noofobjects, all req's
billing: total estimated charge
service limits: how much we are using a service api
custom metric: push our own metrics

Alarms are used to trigger notifications for any metric
ex: create a billing alarm on the cloud watch billing metric
alarm states: OK, INSUUFICIENT DATA, Alarm 


aws cloudwatch supports for create an alarm and attached to any aws services like EC2 instance. 
Based on EC2 instance thresholds(what we config) we will get notified alarm service from cloudwatch

AWS Cloudwatch logs can collect log from 
  Elastic beanstalk: collection of logs from application
  ECS from all containers
  AWS lambda: collection from func logs
  Route53: Log DNS queries
Enable real time monitoring logs

AWS Cloudwatch for EC2
 By default, no logs from your EC2 instance will go to cloud watch
we need to run the cloud watch agent on EC2 instance to push log files you want
make sure IAM permissions are correct 
cloudwatch agent setup on premisses too

AWS Event bridge (formerly cloudwatch events)
schedule: scheduled scripts => schedule every hour => trigger script on lambda function
Event pattern => event rules to react to a service doing something => user signin => SNS/SQS notification
Trigger lambda functions ,send SQS/SNS services 

AWS X-Ray helps developers analyze and debug production, distributed applications, such as those built using a microservices architecture.

The CloudWatch Alarms feature allows you to watch CloudWatch metrics and to receive notifications 
when the metrics fall outside of the levels (high or low thresholds) that you configure.

Amazon CloudWatch Events delivers a near real-time stream of system events that describe changes in Amazon Web Services (AWS) resources. 
It does not trigger notifications when a metric reaches a threshold you specified.

AWS Health Dashboard provides alerts and remediation guidance when AWS is experiencing events that may impact you.

AWS CloudTrail is a web service that records activity made on your account and delivers log files to your Amazon S3 bucket. AWS CloudTrail is a service that enables governance, compliance, operational auditing, and risk auditing of your AWS account.
CloudTrail can record the history of events/API calls made within you AWS account, which will help determine who or what deleted the resource. You should investigate it first.

Amazon CodeGuru is a developer tool that provides intelligent recommendations to improve code quality and identify an application’s most expensive lines of code.

You can use Amazon CloudWatch Logs to monitor, store, and access your log files from Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) instances, AWS CloudTrail, Route 53, and other sources.
