CloudFormation (AWS only)
Infrastructure as Code, works with almost all of AWS resources
Repeat across Regions and Accounts
AWS CloudFormation provides a common language for you to model and provision AWS and third party application resources in your cloud environment. 
It allows you to deploy Infrastructure as a Code.
AWS CloudFormation templates are JSON or YAML-formatted text files. They are declarations of the AWS resources that make up a stack.

Beanstalk (AWS only)
Platform as service limited to certain programming languages or docker
deploy code consistently with a known architecture ex. ALB+EC2+RDS
Elastic Beanstalk can be used to monitor and to check the health of an environment.
AWS Elastic Beanstalk makes it even easier for developers to quickly deploy and manage applications in the AWS Cloud. It does not automate software deployments to a hybrid mix.
Elastic Beanstalk is a Platform as a Service (PaaS). You only manage data and applications. AWS Elastic Beanstalk makes it even easier for developers to quickly deploy and manage applications in the AWS Cloud

Code Deploy: deploy and upgrade any application onto servers
AWS CodeDeploy is a service that automates code deployments to any instance, including Amazon EC2 instances and instances running on-premises.(hybird mix)

Systems manager : patch configure and run commands at scale
AWS Systems Manager gives you visibility and control of your infrastructure on AWS. It is used for patching systems at scale.

code commit : store code in private git repo

code build: build and test code in aws(serverless)
AWS CodeBuild is a fully managed continuous integration service that compiles source code, runs tests, and produces software packages that are ready to deploy.
It is not used to deploy infrastructure using familiar programming languages.
AWS CodeBuild is a fully managed continuous integration service that compiles source code, runs tests, and produces software packages that are ready to deploy. 
With CodeBuild, you don’t need to provision, manage, and scale your own build servers, it is serverless.

codedeploy: deploy code onto servers

codepipeline: orchestration of pipeline from code to build to deploy

codeartifact: store s/w packages dependies on aws
AWS CodeArtifact is a fully managed artifact repository (also called code dependencies) service that makes it easy 
for organizations of any size to securely store, publish, and share software packages used in their software development process.

codestar: unified view for alloing dev's to do CICD and code.CodeStar is used to quickly develop, build, and deploy applications on AWS.

Cloud9: Cloud IDE
AWS Cloud9 is a cloud-based integrated development environment (IDE) that lets you write, run, and debug your code with just a browser.

AWS CDK: The AWS Cloud Development Kit (AWS CDK) is an open source software development framework to define your cloud application resources using familiar programming languages. (only python)
