Which Global Infrastructure identity is composed of one or more discrete data centers with redundant power, networking, and connectivity, 
and are used to deploy infrastructure? Avaliability zones

data centers - regions

nearby caching site - edge locations

Paas Platform => removes the need for your organisation to manage the underlying infrastucture. Only focus on deployment and management of your app's .
You ONLY want to manage Applications and Data. Which type of Cloud Computing model should you use? Paas

Data transfer in the AWS Cloud is free.

 The 4 points of considerations when choosing an AWS Region are: 
compliance with data governance and legal requirements, 
proximity to customers, available services and features within a Region, and pricing.

Availability Zones are composed of one or more discrete data centers.
Edge Locations are used to distribute content closer to users.
AWS Regions are composed of? AWS Regions consist of multiple, isolated, and physically separate Availability Zones within a geographic area.

Region -> 1 or more Availabilty zones
Availability Zone -> one or moew data centers
edge locations -> are used to distribute content closer to users.

EC2 is a regional service.
Rekognition is a regional service.
IAM is a global service (encompasses all regions).

The AWS Acceptable Use Policy describes prohibited uses of the web services offered by AWS.
The Shared Responsibility Model defines who is responsible for what in the AWS Cloud.

Using only the Private Cloud does not allow you to benefit from the advantages of the Public Cloud.
Using a Hybrid Cloud deployment model allows you to benefit from the flexibility, scalability and on-demand 
storage access while keeping security and performance of your own infrastructure


Grant least priviage principal apply for IAM permissions



Amazon Glacier Deep Archive(S3 storage Class) is the most cost-effective option if you want to archive data and do not have a retrieval time requirement. You can retrieve data in 12 or 48 hours.


AWS Storage Gateway is a hybrid cloud storage service that gives you on-premises access to virtually unlimited cloud storage.

AWS Snowcone is a small, portable, rugged, and secure edge computing and data transfer device. It provides up to 8 TB of usable storage.

Snowball Edge is best-suited to move petabytes of data and offers computing capabilities. Be careful, it's recommended to use a fleet of Snowballs to move less than 10PBs of data. Over this quantity, it's better-suited to use Snowmobile.


Snowmobile is used to move exabytes of data in or out of AWS (1 EB=1,000 PBs=1,000,000 TBs).
