VPC - virtual private cloud - private n/w to deploy resources

subnets : allows you to partition your network inside your VPC
public subnet : it is a subnet that is accessible from internet
private subnet not accessible from internet 
define access to internet and b/w subnets, we use route tables 

IP addresses in AWS

IPV4 -> internet prtocol version 4 (4.3 billion addresses)
Public IPv4 is used on internet
EC2 instance get new ip address every time you stop and start it
Private IPv4-can be used on private networks such as internal AWS networking
Private IPV4 is fixed for EC2 instances even if you start/stop them

Elastic IP -> fixed IP address to EC2 instance

IPv6 - internet protocol version 6 (3.4 * 10power 38 addressess)
every IP address is public 


NAT Gateways allow your instances in your private subnets to access the Internet while remaining private, and are managed by AWS.

A network access control list (NACL) is an optional layer of security for your VPC that acts as a firewall for controlling traffic in and out of one or more subnets. 
They have both ALLOW and DENY rules.

Site-to-Site VPN allows you to enable access to your remote network from your VPC. It goes over the public internet. It does not connect VPCs together.

AWS Direct Connect is a cloud service solution that makes it easy to establish a dedicated private network connection from your premises to AWS. While it allows to connect on-premises environments to your VPCs, 
it does not allow your VPC to communicate with one another.

VPC Peering connection is a networking connection between two VPCs using AWS' network.

A virtual private cloud (VPC) is a virtual network dedicated to your AWS account. It is logically isolated from other virtual networks in the AWS Cloud.
You can launch your AWS resources, such as Amazon EC2 instances, into your VPC.


An internet gateway is a horizontally scaled, redundant, and highly available VPC component that allows communication between your VPC and the internet.
