Cloud computing -> it is a on demand delivery of compute power, db storage, app's and other IT sources
through a cloud services platform with pay-as-you-go pricing

deployment models of the cloud
1. private cloud => cloud services used by a single org. Not exposed to the public => rackspace
2.public cloud => cloud resources operated by a third-party cloud service provider delivered over
 the internet. => MS azure, Google cloud, AWS
3. Hybird cloud => keep some servers on permises and extend some capabilities to the cloud

5 characteristcis:
ondemand self service:
braod network access:
multi-tenancy and resource pooling
rapid elasticity and scalabilitiy
measured service

6 advantages
1.Trade captial expense for operational expense
Pay on demand
reduced total cost of ownership
2. prices are reduced as aws is more efficient due to alrge scale
3.stop guessing capacity
scale based on actal measured usage
4.increase spead and agility
5. stop spending money running and maintaining data centers
6. go global in mins



Types of cloud computing refer PDF (10 mins learn)

cloud computing models
Please find image => managed by aws 
Iaas Infrastruture as a Service => provides building block for cloud IT. Provide n/w, computers, data storage space.high level of flexibility
Paas Platform => removes the need for your organisation to manage the underlying infrastucture. Only focus on deployment and management of your app's .You ONLY want to manage Applications and Data. Which type of Cloud Computing model should you use? Paas
Saas Software => complete product that runs and managed by the service provider

cloud computing deployment models
cloud
hybird
onpremises


AWS infrastructure 

datas are in cloud means in AWS data centre anywhere in the world. If natural disater in data center 1 it is backed up by data center 2 
REGIONS:
so data center 1 data center 2 data center 3 are in availability zones are there in regions => one region have multiple availabilty zones => one availabilty zones have multiple
data centers


how to select a regions(india hyd or US)(locations of data centers):
1.compliance
2.latency
3.pricing
4.service availablity


Reduce the latency -> important
use case 1:

When you host a web app in farest region and end user is accessing the app in long distance place. May or may not be latency will high.
So for that reduce the latency we can use edge locations to cache frequently accessed app content. 
When you cache the content in edge locations a copy is hosted in across edge locations in the locations. Reduce the latency

AWS cloud front service is used for cache the content using an edge locations 


AWS use cases 
use cases includes:
Enterprise, IT Backup storage big data analystics
website hoisting mob and social apps
gaming 

AWS Infrastructure
AWS regions 
AWS Availability Zones
AWS data centers
AWS edge locations / Point of presence 
